Terms of Service
Privacy
Your privacy is very important to us. We designed our Privacy Policy to make
important disclosures about how you can use ListenUp, a product of Dreality LLC., to
share with others and how we collect and can use your content and information. We
encourage you to read the Privacy Policy and to use it to help you make informed
decisions.
Sharing Your Content and Information
You own all of the content and information you post on ListenUp, and you can control
how it is shared through your privacy and application settings. In addition:
• For content that is covered by intellectual property rights, like photos (IP
content), you specifically give us the following permission,
subject to your privacy and application settings: you grant
us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty free,
worldwide license to use any IP content that you post
on or in connection with ListenUp (IP License). This IP License
ends when you delete your IP content or your account
unless your content has been shared with others, and they
have not deleted it.
• When you delete IP content, it is deleted in a manner similar to emptying
the recycle bin on a computer. However, you understand that removed content may
persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time (but will not be available to
others).
• By submitting, posting or displaying Content on or through the Services,
you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license (with
the right to sublicense) to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt,
modify, publish, transmit, display and distribute such Content.
Safety
We do our best to keep ListenUp safe, but we cannot guarantee it. ListenUp is not
responsible for the conduct of any user on or off of the Services. We need your
help to keep ListenUp safe, which includes the following commitments by you:
• You will not post unauthorized commercial communications (such as
spam) on ListenUp.
• You will not collect users' content or information, or otherwise access
ListenUp, using automated means (such as harvesting bots,
robots, spiders, or scrapers) without our prior permission.
• You will not engage in unlawful multi-level marketing, such as a pyramid
scheme, on ListenUp.
• You will not upload viruses or other malicious code.
• You will not solicit login information or access an account belonging to
someone else.
• You will not bully, intimidate, or harass any user.
• You will not post content that: is hate speech, threatening, or
pornographic; incites violence; or contains nudity or
graphic or gratuitous violence.
• You will not develop or operate a third-party application containing
alcohol-related, dating or other mature content (including
advertisements) without appropriate age-based
restrictions.
• You will not use ListenUp to do anything unlawful, misleading, malicious, or
discriminatory.
• You will not do anything that could disable, overburden, or impair the
proper working or appearance of ListenUp, such as a denial of
service attack or interference with page rendering or other
ListenUp functionality.
• You will not facilitate or encourage any violations of this Statement or our
policies.
Registration and Account Security
• You will not provide any false personal information on ListenUp, or create an
account for anyone other than yourself without permission.
• You will not create more than one personal account.
• If we disable your account, you will not create another one without our
permission.
• You will not use your personal timeline primarily for your own commercial
gain, and will use a ListenUp Page for such purposes.
• You will not use ListenUp if you are under 18.
• You will not use ListenUp if you are a convicted sex offender.
• You will keep your contact information accurate and up-to-date.
• You will not share your password (or in the case of developers, your secret
key), let anyone else access your account, or do anything else
that might jeopardize the security of your account.
Community Rules: Protecting Other People's Rights
• You will not post content or take any action on ListenUp that infringes or
violates someone else's rights or otherwise violates the law.
• We can remove any content or information you post on ListenUp if we believe
that it violates this Statement or our policies.
• You agree to use caution in all interactions with other users, particularly if
you decide to communicate off the Service or meet in person.
• You will not post anyone's identification documents or sensitive financial
information on ListenUp.
• You will not add users or send email invitations to non-users without their
consent.
• You will not use the Service for any purpose that is illegal or prohibited by
this Agreement.
• You will not spam, solicit money from or defraud any users.
• You will not impersonate any person or entity or post any images of another
person without his or her permission.
• You will not bully, “stalk,” intimidate, harass or defame any person.
• You will not post any Content that is hate speech, threatening, sexually
explicit or pornographic; incites violence; or contains nudity or
graphic or gratuitous violence.
• You will not post any Content that promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or
physical harm of any kind against any group or individual.
• You will not solicit passwords for any purpose, or personal identifying
information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other
users or disseminate another person’s personal information
without his or her permission.
• You will not use another user’s account.
ListenUp reserves the right to investigate and/ or terminate your account without a refund
of any purchases if you have misused the Service or behaved in a way that ListenUp
regards as inappropriate or unlawful, including actions or communications that occur off
the Service but involve users you meet through the Service.
Please also remember that despite our offering of anonymity your activity may have
consequences that could lead to criminal and civil liability.
Mobile and Other Devices
• We currently provide our mobile services for free, but please be
aware that your carrier's normal rates and fees, such as
text messaging and data charges, will still apply.
• In the event you change or deactivate your mobile telephone
number, you will update your account information on ListenUp
within 48 hours to ensure that your messages are not sent
to the person who acquires your old number.
• You provide consent and all rights necessary to enable users to
sync (including through an application) their devices with
any information that is visible to them on ListenUp.
Special Provisions Applicable to Software
• If you download or use our software, such as a stand-alone
software product, an app, or a browser plugin, you agree
that from time to time, the software may download and
install upgrades, updates and additional features from us
in order to improve, enhance, and further develop the
software.
• You will not modify, create derivative works of, decompile, or
otherwise attempt to extract source code from us, unless
you are expressly permitted to do so under an open source
license, or we give you express written permission.
Amendments
• We’ll notify you before we make changes to these terms and give
you the opportunity to review and comment on the revised
terms before continuing to use our Services.
• If we make changes to policies, guidelines or other terms
referenced in or incorporated by this Statement, we may
provide notice via email.
• Your continued use of the ListenUp Services, following notice of the
changes to our terms, policies or guidelines, constitutes
your acceptance of our amended terms, policies or
guidelines.
Termination
If you violate the letter or spirit of this Statement, or otherwise create risk or
possible legal exposure for us, we can stop providing all or part of ListenUp to you.
We will notify you by email or at the next time you attempt to access your
account. You may also delete your account or disable your application at any
time.
Feedback
The more suggestions our customers make, the better the Services become. If
Customer sends us any feedback or suggestions regarding the Services, there
is a chance we will use it, so Customer grants us (for itself and all of its
Authorized Users and other Customer personnel) an unlimited, irrevocable,
perpetual, sublicensable, transferable, royalty-free license to use any such
feedback or suggestions for any purpose without any obligation or compensation
to Customer, any Authorized User or other Customer personnel. If we choose
not to implement the suggestion, please don’t take it personally. We appreciate it
nonetheless.
Disputes
If anyone brings a claim against us related to your actions, content or
information on ListenUp, you will indemnify and hold us harmless from and
against all damages, losses, and expenses of any kind (including
reasonable legal fees and costs) related to such claim. Although we
provide rules for user conduct, we do not control or direct users' actions on
ListenUp and are not responsible for the content or information users transmit
or share on ListenUp. We are not responsible for any offensive, inappropriate,
obscene, unlawful or otherwise objectionable content or information you
may encounter on ListenUp. We are not responsible for the conduct, whether
online or offline, of any user of ListenUp.
WE TRY TO KEEP ListenUp UP, BUG-FREE, AND SAFE, BUT YOU USE IT
AT YOUR OWN RISK. WE ARE PROVIDING ListenUp AS IS WITHOUT
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE DO
NOT GUARANTEE THAT ListenUp WILL ALWAYS BE SAFE, SECURE OR
ERROR-FREE OR THAT ListenUp WILL ALWAYS FUNCTION WITHOUT
DISRUPTIONS, DELAYS OR IMPERFECTIONS. ListenUp IS NOT
RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ACTIONS, CONTENT, INFORMATION, OR
DATA OF THIRD PARTIES, AND YOU RELEASE US, OUR DIRECTORS,
OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS FROM ANY CLAIMS AND
DAMAGES, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY
WAY CONNECTED WITH ANY CLAIM YOU HAVE AGAINST ANY SUCH
THIRD PARTIES. NotedS'S LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
Special Provisions Applicable to Users Outside the United States
We strive to create a global community with consistent standards for everyone,
but we also strive to respect local laws. The following provisions apply to users
and non-users who interact with ListenUp outside the United States:
• You consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed
in the United States.
• If you are located in a country embargoed by the United States, or are
on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially
Designated Nationals you will not engage in commercial
activities on ListenUp. You will not use ListenUp if you are
prohibited from receiving products, services, or software
originating from the United States.
Definitions
• By "ListenUp" or” ListenUp Services” we mean the features and services we
make available, including through (a) other ListenUp branded or cobranded
websites (including sub-domains, international
versions, widgets, and mobile versions); (b) our Platform;
(c) ListenUp reserves the right to designate, in its sole
discretion, that certain of our brands, products, or services
are governed by separate terms and not this SRR.
• By "information" we mean facts and other information about you,
including actions taken by users and non-users who
interact with ListenUp.
• By "content" we mean anything you or other users post, provide or share
using ListenUp Services.
• By "data" or "user data" or "user's data" we mean any data, including a
user's content or information that you or third parties can
retrieve from ListenUp or provide to ListenUp through Platform.
• By "post" we mean post on ListenUp or otherwise make available by using
ListenUp.
• By "use" we mean use, run, copy, publicly perform or display, distribute,
modify, translate, and create derivative works of.
• By "application" we mean any application or website that uses or
accesses Platform, as well as anything else that receives
or has received data from us. If you no longer access
Platform but have not deleted all data from us, the term
application will apply until you delete the data.
Other
• This Statement is an agreement between you and ListenUp,
a product of Dreality LLC. References to “us,” “we,” and “our” mean either ListenUp,
a product of Dreality LLC. as appropriate.
• This Statement makes up the entire agreement between the parties
regarding ListenUp, a product of Dreality LLC., and supersedes any prior agreements.
• If any portion of this Statement is found to be unenforceable, the
remaining portion will remain in full force and effect.
• If we fail to enforce any of this Statement, it will not be considered a
waiver.
• Any amendment to or waiver of this Statement must be made in writing
and signed by us.
• You will not transfer any of your rights or obligations under this
Statement to anyone else without our consent.
• All of our rights and obligations under this Statement are freely
assignable by us in connection with a merger, acquisition,
or sale of assets, or by operation of law or otherwise.
• Nothing in this Statement shall prevent us from complying with the law.
• This Statement does not confer any third party beneficiary rights.
• We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you.
• You will comply with all applicable laws when using or accessing ListenUp, a product of
Dreality LLC..
By using or accessing ListenUp Services, you agree that we can collect and use such
content and information in accordance with the Privacy Policy as amended from
time to time.